Downloaded @ subs4series.com
Previously on
Dexter: Original Sin...
What if this victim
and the last two we found.
the one in Overtown and
the sex worker in Coconut Grove.
what if they're all connected?
You're shitting me.
A serial killer?
No one in shitting you. Captain.
All the victims come
from high-risk population.
all loners.
Nothing was taken from them.
so robbery isn't a motive.
What do you think?
I think she's on
to something. Aaron.
I think it's worth pursuing.
Someone took a fire poker.
beat the guy like a piñata.
Kept going
after the candy came out.
- Any suspects?
- Moser?
Holy shit.
Fuck.
I got the top score in Dragon
Ninjas at Pirates Arcade.
- You can find me under "NAS."
- Cool.
Got kicked
off the team
and suspended from school.
What about the scholarship?
There's a big shipment
of cocaine
heading to New York
tomorrow night.
This is it.
Dex. what do you think
- of Mommy's nails?
- Pretty.
- Oh. my... No.
- No.
Come here.
No!
Laura.
I'm disappointed in you.
Spare my boys.
Please. don't. please.
I know
this is gonna sound crazy.
but I think Captain Spencer
killed Jimmy Powell
and kidnapped Nicky.
That is crazy.
Dad?
Nicky Spencer was spotted
at a known cartel stash house.
Tell me where my fucking son is.
motherfucker.
- Aaron. stop.
- I'll blow
your fucking head off...
Gun!
Officer down!
Oh. shit.
Keep pressure.
just keep pressure.
I-29. I-29.
N-37.
Oh. you missed N-37 there.
Oh.
Well. who says the art
of being a gentleman is dead?
What are you doing playing
bingo with all us crones?
My mom always said.
"Bingo is the best way to gamble
without losing all
of your money." so here I am.
Well. your mother
is a wise woman.
I'm Barb.
Brian.
B-6. B-6.
Oh. my God. oh.
- Bingo!
- So soon.
You are my lucky charm tonight.
Don't you go anywhere.
I wouldn't dream of it. Barb.
Hey.
Batista. how's he doing?
How's Bobby?
Shot in the neck.
Massive blood loss.
He's in surgery.
- Jesus Christ.
- I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
Hey. well. what about his wife?
Does she know?
Missy's in
the surgical waiting area.
hoping on an update
from the surgeon.
It's a nightmare.
You mind if I have
a word with you?
Sure.
What?
Look. I know
that it's a crazy time.
But if we're gonna be partners.
I need you
to come clean with me.
What are you talking about?
I saw you steal the file
from Tampa PD.
Who is Brian Moser?
He's from a vice case
Bobby and I worked back in '73.
We were trying to get
inside the Estrada Cartel.
We had an informant.
a woman. Laura Moser.
Mother of Brian.
And?
She was killed.
It was my fault.
Your fault how?
I was having an affair with her.
Emotions got in the way.
It's one of the biggest regrets
of my life.
I always wondered
what happened to little Brian.
Such a sweet kid.
So that's why you stole
the file.
This has nothing to do
with our case.
All right?
This is a private matter.
and I'd prefer
to keep it that way.
Bobby and I swung
by Laura's place.
The house was torn apart.
there was food on the floor.
Laura and her boys have
been kidnapped.
I can feel it
in every fiber of my being.
So you want me to jeopardize
the Estrada case on a feeling?
The case.
The case...
The case is compromised.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
I had an affair with Laura.
I know.
I know. I fucked up.
One of Estrada's henchmen
probably saw us together.
Oh. Jesus. Harry.
Does Doris know?
That doesn't matter.
You know what the cartel
will do to an informant.
Spence. they have her two boys.
- Any idea where they are?
- PortMiami docks.
Estrada does
all of his business there.
I can lead the charge.
You can join the search.
But as a uni.
Give me your shield.
We are looking for a mother
and her two boys.
age seven and three.
They could be in any shipping
container on the premises.
but we cannot open any
without probable cause.
so any proof of life
in a shipping container is
enough to crack open the lock.
so if there is a whimper.
a scream.
a K-9 indicating a scent.
that's good enough.
- You understand me?
- Yes. Captain. sir.
All right. dismissed.
Let's get it done.
No fucking way we're gonna
find them in all this.
Hey. we're gonna find them.
You keep looking. Go!
Go on. keep looking!
Not gonna give up.
Gonna find you.
I can't even imagine what
he's going through right now.
Spencer had everyone fooled.
but not me.
For him. pain was pleasure.
the difference between the two
razor-thin.
Spencer was my first
child killer.
true evil incarnate.
He's still alive. I know it.
- You just have to find him.
- Yes.
Find him.
We can't let Bobby's sacrifice
be in vain.
He would want all of us
out there right now
shaking the goddamn cartel tree
until we find my son.
Our son.
In that moment.
I. too. had an intense need
to find out
what had happened to Nicky.
And there was only one person
who knew.
Spencer's bachelor pad.
For a minute I thought I'd
walked into the wrong apartment.
The place didn't look like
the home of a police captain.
But it did work as a crash pad
for a recently divorced husband.
Children's charcuterie.
What a concept.
Shakespeare was right.
You can smile and smile and all
the while still be a villain.
Thank you for the ride home.
God. I've been up
for 20 hours straight.
I'm bleary-eyed as hell.
Well. you have had
the shittiest of shitty days.
Sometimes I thought
Harry was a little too kind.
Yeah.
I just still can't believe those
sons of bitches opened fire
- on us.
- Hey.
look. we found Nicky's jersey.
Next. we're gonna find Nicky.
Yeah. I need a drink.
I got a bottle of Glenfiddich
around here somewhere.
I can't say no to that.
All right.
Oh. hi.
Uh. any news about Bobby?
Uh. next 24 hours are critical.
Hey. thanks for getting
your sister out of Bimini.
Oh. not a problem.
It was fun to be out
on Camilla's boat.
Ah.
Slice of Pie. So good.
How goes your hunt
for our serial killer?
Uh. the suspect
we thought was good for it.
he was. uh.
killed a few weeks ago.
Well. is it connected?
Uh. you think the killer has
four homicides under his belt?
Honestly. I don't think
any of 'em are related.
It's not a serial killer case.
I'll never forget the first time
my father lied to my face.
Oh.
Uh. hey. that was mine.
Before you say anything.
I dumped Gio.
It's finito.
You can ground me for a month.
I know I deserve it.
I'm just glad you're safe.
But no more dating
older guys. ever.
you understand?
The heart wants
what the heart wants. Dad.
- Mm.
- But I'll do my best.
My sister was always
the most honest person
in the family.
I do have to give you some
bad news about your godfather.
- Bobby?
- Yeah.
He's been shot. he's in the ICU.
and he's gonna be there
for a while.
- Can I see him?
- No. they've restricted visitors
- until his condition improves.
- Jesus Christ.
there's got to be something
I can do.
M-Miami Metro's having
a blood drive.
Done. Where do I sign up?
Why don't you bring
your sister to work?
Been three days.
People are probably starting
to feel like it's a lost cause.
Well. fuck that.
Hey. I got something!
Over here.
All right.
Chinny-chin-chin.
Hey!
- Uh. yeah.
- All right.
They killed 'em all.
Oh. my...
Help.
Hey. Hey.
Hey. Oh. God.
Okay. I got you.
I got you.
All right.
Dad!
Dad. Dad. I know it's you.
Please let me out of here.
What did I do?
Why did you do this?
You didn't do anything wrong.
This will all be over soon.
No. Dad. don't go. please!
Everyone loves Bobby. huh?
You can sign in over here.
Uh. I'll be around
if you need anything.
You're not gonna wait with me?
Got work to do. deadlines.
but I'll give later.
Kramer. Johnson. You're next.
Jimmy was killed
with an ice pick
to the back of his head.
The back of his shirt
was covered in blood.
Nicky was alive
when this jersey was removed.
Holy shit.
This line is bananas.
Morgan. you went
to medical school. right?
Uh. nope. premed.
Great. Want to draw blood.
get that line moving?
Uh. no. thanks.
That wasn't an ask.
that was an order.
but phrased nicely.
Go forth. draw much blood.
Any other time.
that would have been
an exciting endeavor.
Is this records?
Guilty as charged.
I'm looking for a file from '73.
Uh. the Estrada Cartel case.
Started off at vice.
became a homicide.
Camilla Figg.
Guardian of Records
since time immemorial.
And you are?
Detective Maria LaGuerta.
The new girl. We can always use
more estrogen in homicide.
Welcome. Right this way.
Here you go. Everything
you need to know and more.
Real vicious bunch.
Yeah.
Oh. sorry. but do you mind?
Of course.
And don't bother refiling.
I'll handle it.
"One son. Brian Moser.
age seven."
Got what I needed. Thanks.
We aim to please.
All right...
You were right. She came down.
She seem satisfied?
There's no mention of Dexter
in any records.
LaGuerta's off the trail.
Great. Uh. any sign
of what I was looking for?
Brian's youth records
are sealed.
Doubly so
when there's medical records
attached.
- Any forwarding address?
- Nothing.
No arrests.
As far as I can tell.
Brian went to the Tampa facility
shortly after leaving you.
Harry. You all right?
I'm good enough.
The state would prefer
not to separate siblings.
Is there any way you could
foster them as a pair?
Uh. Brian has been
remarkably resilient
considering what
they've been through.
And Dexter.
he hasn't said a word since.
- well...
- How did the boys
come into state custody?
Uh. their mother was. uh...
...part of an undercover
drug case that went south.
She was an informant
and. uh...
...murdered by the cartel.
What about their father?
He's in prison.
Relinquished
all parental rights.
Has zero interest
in being their father.
So. they're on their own?
Yeah.
I need a moment with my husband.
Oh. yeah. Sure.
I just have one question.
Is their mother Laura Moser?
That woman
you had an affair with?
Yes.
Hi.
Do you like firetrucks?
These boys need a mother.
Hello.
Um... Hi. Who are you?
Oh. Sorry.
Yeah. I'm Debra Morgan.
Deb. Harry's daughter.
Maria. I work with your father.
What you working on?
Trying to catch
a possible serial killer.
Like Silence of the Lambs?
Can I see?
I'm sorry. but... no.
Uh. where's your father?
Hey.
You're the other
Morgan kid. right?
Yeah. Deb. You're Tanya?
My brother's boss?
The one and only.
I love the idea of him being
ordered around by a lady boss.
Well. I'm certainly
good at that.
Did you always want to do this?
Good question. No.
When I was your age.
I was all about basketball.
That's kind of tough
when you're fun-sized.
And don't have a dick.
Tell me about it.
Volleyball.
You get it.
Those little moments
where everything works out.
You make a perfect pass
to your forward. They score.
An impossible rebound.
A diving bump
that saves the game.
Fucking-A. Love those times.
Endorphins flood your system.
Singular moments.
It's where happiness happens.
So here.
it's catching criminals.
Solving a mystery that
no one else can figure out?
That's the shit.
You got some blue in your blood?
Considering the family business?
Nah. That's a male Morgan thing.
Hmm. That's too bad.
We could always use
more kickass women around here.
Come back and visit me anytime.
This was not the blood drive
I was hoping for.
Getting Spencer on my table
was going to have to wait.
Or maybe not.
Captain!
I see they've got you doing
everything around here now.
Yeah. Got a spot for you
right here.
Now. you've done this
before. right?
Don't be nervous.
- Steady.
- Mm-hmm.
That's good.
Here. let me move
that up for you.
- Thanks.
- Mm-hmm.
Nice veins.
Hmm.
I can't imagine the pain
you and your wife must be in.
Ex-wife.
Yeah. She's-she's just a wreck.
Did you find anything
at the Tigres house
that could help me find my son?
Want some good news?
- Yeah.
- Blood on Nicky's jersey wasn't
indicative of a fatal wound.
It was only on the front.
And most likely from the...
finger amputation.
Yeah.
He was a better actor
than a cop.
So. he could still be alive?
There's a solid chance he is.
I'll take any hope I can get.
Why do you think the cartel has
targeted children?
They're fucking evil animals.
I couldn't agree more.
Yeah.
People who hurt kids...
Hmm.
Chalked that up to foreplay.
I hope you do a better job
with the cold cases
I assigned you
than you do drawing blood.
Well. actually. hoping to turn
the corner on a big case.
Tonight could even be the night.
Good.
We need some good news
around here.
Oh. Your turn.
Morgan. Consider
your blood drive days over.
Every day we leave
evidence of ourselves behind.
Whether we like it or not.
DNA. hair.
dandruff...
Fingerprints.
Identifiers of who we are.
Where we've been.
Hey. Dex. Can I ask a favor?
What's up?
I... want to donate blood.
For Bobby.
Great.
The line's gone down a lot.
The-the-the thing is...
I-I can't.
I'm sure Bobby'll have
more than enough blood.
That's the problem.
Everyone is doing it.
Hell. even your sister.
People ask questions.
There were some mysteries
even I couldn't fathom.
You know about me. Yeah?
Yeah?
Last month I. uh...
I got a call
from a former partner
who tested positive.
For HIV?
Oh.
Yeah. I-I got tested.
but it-it's still
a few weeks away from results.
This is what happens
to normal people
with big secrets.
It's harder for them
to keep their masks on straight.
I've got you.
It was odd being
the blood giver...
but as a budding master
at keeping secrets.
it felt good to help a novice.
Thanks again.
You're a lifesaver.
I'd never been
called that before.
Have a cookie.
Somebody still hasn't
given blood.
I have an intense fear
of needles.
Specifically when they are
poked into me.
You just haven't been poked
in the right place. my friend.
Yeah.
Thanks anyway.
but I think I have to pass.
I'd hate to faint
in front of the guys.
Listen. intern.
One of our own is in need.
This is what we do.
Which arm?
Left. please.
Can you smile for Mama?
Yes.
What?
Dexie's hungry.
He wants a peanut butter
and jelly sandwich.
Okay.
I'm just gonna put Debbie down.
Mommy will be right back.
Shut up.
What are you doing?
Why did you do that?
Too noisy.
Brian. you are in a time-out.
Just stay on the couch
until Harry comes home.
Hey. we got to talk
about what you did to Deb.
That was really dangerous.
and you could've hurt her.
Don't just shrug.
You can't do things like that.
You're not my dad.
Uh. I know.
I'm not.
Doris and I. we're both here
to take care of you
and your brother.
I don't want you to.
I want to go home.
I miss my mom!
Hey. hey.
Look. Hey. Come on.
Take it easy.
I hate this place!
This isn't our home!
I hate you!
I hate all of you!
Leave me alone!
Oh.
I cross-checked
recently released patients
from that Tampa hospital
against our records.
And?
Three have addresses
in Dade County.
two have been arrested.
- I'm gonna give them a visit.
- Hmm. nice work.
Uh. if you don't mind.
I'm gonna go through our files.
see if there's anything
I've missed.
- Do your thing.
- Mm-hmm.
- Keep me posted.
- Will do.
All right.
Raul...
...what did you do to Brian?
All right.
He's an orphan.
Foster care like Brian.
Holy shit.
Fucker is stalking my son.
Oh. my God.
This seven-card approach
is a game changer.
I'm only one call away
on three of them.
All I need is I-24.
and that sweet
$75 jackpot is mine.
Uh. I-25.
I-25.
Bingo.
About time you won.
Hey. Let's celebrate.
Applebee's. on me?
Dinner with you would make
a nice consolation prize.
I think I might be
addicted to bingo.
You think there's
a Bingo's Anonymous.
in case my addiction
gets out of hand?
Yeah.
Is-is that your car?
Your chariot awaits.
Um...
I can't sit back there.
I want to sit up front.
Well. Barb...
life is full of wants
and desires.
I wanted to spend my life
with my little brother...
Dexter.
B-Brian?
Brian Moser?
Hello?
Dad? Dexter?
Hi. Debra Morgan.
It's Kelsey from
Florida State University.
We've been made aware
of the incident
at your high school last week.
but the coach
rewatched your tape
and is still interested
in meeting about a scholarship.
If you wouldn't mind
calling us back
at the FSU
administrative office.
we'd love to hear
from you. Thanks.
I'd been feeling...
unsettled
ever since I'd seen Jimmy
hanging from that bridge.
But I never dreamed
that it would be my blade
that ended
Jimmy's killer's life.
Spencer was exactly
the sort of person
Harry created the Code for.
Too bad Harry
didn't see it that way...
...yet.
Note to self: giving blood
is harder than taking it.
Mmm.
"$5.000 cash" by 1 a.m.
"or I tell the world."
Fucking Victor.
Come in.
Thank you
for taking the late shift.
Are you kidding? I'd do anything
for this big tub of love.
Don't be kissing my husband
while he's unconscious.
While he's unconscious.
Okay. I got it.
I'm...
I'm sorry I wasn't there
for you.
So much I want to tell you.
ask you.
Mm. For the first time.
you can't complain
that I'm yapping too much.
You know those murders LaGuerta
and I have been saddled with?
Turns out. you and I know
who the perp is.
Brian Moser.
Dexter's brother.
I haven't told LaGuerta.
This is the point
where I need to use
that big brain of yours.
Brian wants to connect
with Dexter
for whatever fucked-up reason.
And if I bring Brian in.
he blows up everything.
Dexter will learn
the gory details...
...of his god-awful past.
Who knows
what that'll do to him?
What do I do. Bobby?
Hey.
What?
Save...
...Dexter.
Hey!
Hey. Doc! He's awake!
He's had flashes of violence.
He put our baby in danger.
So I'm-I'm afraid
we can't handle his...
level of trauma.
What about Dexter?
We've grown to really love him.
We know that the state
doesn't want to split siblings.
but...
Daddy. where's Biney going?
What the fuck?
I learned
a valuable lesson that night.
Never give two pints of blood
on stalk-and-kill days.
Dexter?
What is this?
Trying to beat one
of Nicky's top scores.
I'm gonna put in
your boy's initials.
Least I can do for him.
What the hell is going on?
Oh. let's not play that game.
I think we both know
what's going on here.
Why do you have those pictures
up there? Why my son?
Wow.
You are one great actor.
How do you do that?
How do you. who is.
as you yourself said.
"a fucking evil animal."
give such a convincing.
innocent performance?
You have the wrong guy.
Oh. no. you're the right guy.
Remember that blood on the box
that held your son's finger?
Your first mistake.
I could've passed it off
as a coincidence.
but that wound
on your forearm...
Nicky fought back. didn't he?
He's older than Jimmy.
tougher to wrangle.
And then there was
that hesitation mark
on Nicky's finger.
Was it hard. even for "a fucking
evil animal" like you.
to cut off
your own son's finger?
But the real proof?
Undeniable?
When I saw you give your son's
bloody jersey to that junkie.
Then you killed those Los Tigres
members to cover it up.
And let's not forget
what happened to Bobby.
I like him.
I like him. too.
How many other children have
you murdered over the years?
None.
Seriously?
Drop the innocent act.
How many?
I am not a serial killer.
I protected this city.
I spent my entire life
in the pursuit of justice.
I'm a goddamn hero!
I thought you were a hero.
You were always one
of the good guys to me.
I am one of the good guys.
Good guys don't kill kids.
She betrayed me.
Becca?
Betrayed my family
and turned Nicky against me.
Oh. you did all this to...
to hurt your ex-wife?
Aren't you a fucking genius?
In that moment
I realized a single incident
could turn a good person
into a monster.
It was a sobering realization.
The world became
an even darker place.
Let me go.
I'll tell you where Nicky is.
You kill me.
he'll die of starvation.
Tell me.
You heard me. There's only
one way to find out.
Fuck.
Want to feel
how Nicky and Jimmy felt?
I guarantee zero
hesitation marks when I do it.
Fuck you!
Did your son scream like that?
Did Jimmy Powell?
That moment
was the worst case of serial
killer blue balls I'd ever had.
I've learned firsthand
you can lose two pints of blood
and still function.
but when you get to three.
it's a little iffy.
mortally speaking.
Let me go.
No. I'm gonna let you sit here
and think about what you did.
And when I get back...
you better be more forthcoming
about Nicky.
What are you.
what are you doing?
You remember
what you promised me?
I'm sor...
I'm sorry.
You. uh...
...you needed help.
What I needed was my family.
My brother.
I. I. uh...
I did what I thought was best
for you and your brother. Brian.
No. No.
No. Please.
You promised me.
you wouldn't separate
me and Dexter.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
But you did.
So... now...
No!
No...
...I'm gonna separate you.
Help me! Help me!
Tamping down
my Dark Passenger's urges
was never easy.
but when a child's life
was at stake.
it felt... right.